README.md, before:

# GURPS Character Sheet Library Data

GURPS Character Sheet (GCS) is a stand-alone, interactive, character sheet editor that allows you to
build characters for the [GURPS](http://www.sjgames.com/gurps) 4<sup>th</sup> Edition roleplaying
game system.

This repository holds the library data files for the [GCS project](https://github.com/richardwilkes/gcs).

Most of the data here has been entered in by users of GCS and contributed back to the project for
everyone to make use of. If you see mistakes or ommissions that you've fixed in your copy, or have
data files you'd like to contribute, please create a Pull Request to get them merged into the master
library. If that isn't something you know how to do, you can also create an Issue and attach the
file(s) containing your changes to it, along with an explanation of what it is you changed.

When adding page references, please use the abbreviations from
[this list](https://gurpscharactersheet.com/page_references.html). If the book isn't in the list
yet, please ask what should be used so that this list can be updated appropriately.

Commit message:

Note archiving and switch to new location

README.md, after:

# GURPS Character Sheet Library Data

### Note: This is for the GCS 4.17.7 and earlier releases of GCS. GCS 4.18+ now use https://github.com/richardwilkes/gcs_master_library and this repo has been archived to prevent further changes.

GURPS Character Sheet (GCS) is a stand-alone, interactive, character sheet editor that allows you to
build characters for the [GURPS](http://www.sjgames.com/gurps) 4<sup>th</sup> Edition roleplaying
game system.

This repository holds the library data files for the [GCS project](https://github.com/richardwilkes/gcs).

Most of the data here has been entered in by users of GCS and contributed back to the project for
everyone to make use of. If you see mistakes or ommissions that you've fixed in your copy, or have
data files you'd like to contribute, please create a Pull Request to get them merged into the master
library. If that isn't something you know how to do, you can also create an Issue and attach the
file(s) containing your changes to it, along with an explanation of what it is you changed.

When adding page references, please use the abbreviations from
[this list](https://gurpscharactersheet.com/page_references.html). If the book isn't in the list
yet, please ask what should be used so that this list can be updated appropriately.
